Please submit the project report and the github repo for the code here.

The final project report should follow the format for a paper that you might
submit to a conference. You should keep is under 10 pages and cover the
following topics:

1. Background and Goals: This section motivate the problem, explain why it's
   important, why should we care, and the potential impact if it's solved.

2. Related work: What's been done before in this area and why your work is
   different.

3. Problem formulation and Overview of your solution

4. Data Description

5. Details of your solution: methods, tools, analysis you did, models, features

6. Evaluation: results, plots (for example precision recall curves, other types
   of results)

7. Discussion and interpretation of the results

8. Policy Recommendations based on your analysis/models

9. Ethical issues and Bias and Fairness analysis results and discussion (use
   Aequitas)

10. Limitations, caveats, future work to improve on what you've done.


Additional Materials to Submit:

In addition to the report, please submit the following things:

1. code and documentation: link to github repo with code and documentation. The
   repo should contain instructions on the structure of the repository, what
   files are there, and how one should run your code (installing any packages
   for example). The relevant code files should be documented.

2. table with time detail on each train and test set (train start time, train
   end time, test start time, ...)

3. feature list (generated and wish you had time to generate)

4. feature importances of your best model(s)

5. final list generated by your best "selected" model. This list is for the
   entities (businesses, block groups, facilities, people, etc.) that are
   scored in the top k% in the final test set.

Parts of #2-#5 can also be incorporated in your report but i want to make sure
they're submitted separately as well.
